docs: Add tip about python -m pytest #3816 (#3831)
intel/cve-bin-tool: CONTRIBUTING.md

The CVE Binary Tool has a set of tests that can be run using `pytest` command.  Typically you want to run `pytest` in the cve-bin-tool directory to run the short test suite and make sure tests pass.

> After running `pytest`, you may get several test failures relating to `ModuleNotFound` error. The main reason for this error is typically related to Python's module search path. You can run this command instead :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running `pytest`, you may get several test failures relating to `ModuleNotFound` error. If you have run `pip install -r dev-requirements.txt` or equivalent and are sure you have the required modules installed, your issue may be related to Python's module search path. You can run this command instead :
```
